Before we start this course,
there are some prerequisites that you'll need to ensure that you've completed.
The first is to have the AWS CLI downloaded,
installed, and configured with a user.
The user should have permissions to do almost anything in AWS. If you have to
be more restrictive than that, I recommend taking a look at the services in
this course and giving yourself read/write permissions pretty much just for
those. We'll be working a lot with the SDK, and it generally requires you to
have your CLI‑level configuration already set up. Our demo project and any
other code that we run in this course is going to be for the Node JavaScript
platform. Make sure you have Node installed locally with at least this version
here.
The easiest way to check your version of Node is by running node ‑v in your
command line. That will show you the version that you have installed. Next, you
should have a good code editor installed, I'll be using Visual Studio Code, VS
Code, which is a free editor from Microsoft.
If you want to use something different, my only recommendation is to just
make sure that it has syntax highlighting and auto indent,
just to make your life a little easier. Then, make sure to download the demo
project code. You can get this code in the Exercise files section of this
course on Pluralsight, but I'm also making it available on GitHub if you
prefer to get it from there. I'd say the benefit of using the exercise files
is that any changes in the course are also present in that code. It has a
before and after.
It can be very beneficial to have that available in
case you make a typo during a lesson.
Don't say it's never happened to you.
Finally, if you don't already have one set up,
I highly recommend creating a billing alarm or an AWS
budget for this course for your account.
Even if you're on a free‑tier account,
some of the services that we're going to be working
with can get very expensive quickly.
The free tier is typically just the amount of time that you're running
a resource. And so if you leave these resources running, it can end up
charging you before you even know it.
I would recommend setting at least one alarm or budget at
about $5 to just let you know if you start getting charged for
anything. At the end of the course,
I'm going to walk you through tearing down all the
resources that we create in it.
So, hopefully, that will keep you from any ongoing charges after you've
completed the course. And that's all you'll need to get started. Now let's dive deeper into the world of serverless architecture and monitoring.